README.md, before:

# Widget Embedder

I created this simple web app so that I could embed certain applications in
iframes when there's not already an embed-optimized url you can use.

I found this particularly useful for showing Dropbox files within Notion, but this approach should work in a variety of situations.

![Embed Dropbox in Notion](https://github.com/jeffthink/widget-embedder/blob/trunk/dropbox-example.png?raw=true)

I don't actively work on / maintain this, so your mileage by vary :)

## Current Embed Options

* Dropbox - embed grid/list of files

## Getting Started

I chose Sapper / Svelte for this app because I dig its simplicity, and was leveraging it for another tool at the same time. This same approach should work with any number of static generation tools. Anyhow, for this version, you should just need to do: 

1. Clone repo
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Create `.env` file with necessary env variables
4. Start dev server: `npm run dev`

### DropBox

* Set up a Dropbox app (doesn't have to be in production) via `Create new app` [here](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/embedder).
    * Name the app / folder whatever you like.
    * Choose the domains that you'll use this on, e.g. `Notion.so`, `localhost`, `your-hosted-website.com`
    * Take the generated app key, and add it to your `.env` file (see below).
* For any given folder/file you want to embed:
    * From Dropbox UI, "create share link" for that folder/file.
    * Once shared, copy the share link via UI.
    * Once local dev server started, visit `http://localhost:3000/dropbox?share_link={my_share_link_from_last_step}`
* You should see the Dropbox embed take up the full viewport area.
* Deploy your widget-embedder to a non-local website, and visit `{my_web_url}/dropbox?share_link={my_share_link_from_last_step}` as above.
* If you see a problem, it might be that Dropbox's embed uses cookies, so you'll need to unblock any browser plugins and such that might be blocking them.

## Environment Variables

* `DROPBOX_APP_KEY` - App key when creating a Dropbox app ([see here](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/embedder))

# Deploying to Netlify

1. Set up Site in Netlify
2. Set build command: `npm run export` with publish dir: `__sapper__/export`
3. Add env variables (see above) via Netlify UI.

# Notes

* Deploying sapper apps on Netlify: https://dev.to/sumitkharche/how-to-deploy-sapper-app-on-netlify-12en
* Inspired by: https://blog.shorouk.dev/2020/06/how-to-embed-any-number-of-html-widgets-snippets-into-notion-app-for-free/

Commit message:

Add general purpose embedder for most types of urls

README.md, after:

# Widget Embedder

I created this simple web app so that I could embed certain applications in iframes when there's not already an embed-optimized url you can use.

I found this particularly useful for showing Dropbox files within Notion, but this approach should work in a variety of situations.

![Embed Dropbox in Notion](https://github.com/jeffthink/widget-embedder/blob/trunk/dropbox-example.png?raw=true)

I don't actively work on / maintain this, so your mileage by vary :)

## Current Embed Options

* General - embed anything that only requires an iframe with url
* Dropbox - embed grid/list of Dropbox files with preview capability

## Getting Started

I chose Sapper / Svelte for this app because I dig its simplicity, and was leveraging it for another tool at the same time. This same approach should work with any number of static generation tools. Anyhow, for this version, you should just need to do: 

1. Clone repo
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Create `.env` file with necessary env variables
4. Start dev server: `npm run dev`

### General Purpose

For any app that gives you a url that can be shared / viewed (without accompanying login, cookies, etc.), you should be able to create a simple full width/height iframe:

* Get the url link from the application you want to embed
* Visit `{my_web_url}/widget?link={url_link_from_last_step}`

### DropBox

* Set up a Dropbox app (doesn't have to be in production) via `Create new app` [here](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/embedder).
    * Name the app / folder whatever you like.
    * Choose the domains that you'll use this on, e.g. `Notion.so`, `localhost`, `your-hosted-website.com`
    * Take the generated app key, and add it to your `.env` file (see below).
* For any given folder/file you want to embed:
    * From Dropbox UI, "create share link" for that folder/file.
    * Once shared, copy the share link via UI.
    * Once local dev server started, visit `http://localhost:3000/dropbox?share_link={my_share_link_from_last_step}`
* You should see the Dropbox embed take up the full viewport area.
* Deploy your widget-embedder to a non-local website, and visit `{my_web_url}/dropbox?share_link={my_share_link_from_last_step}` as above.
* If you see a problem, it might be that Dropbox's embed uses cookies, so you'll need to unblock any browser plugins and such that might be blocking them.

## Environment Variables

* `DROPBOX_APP_KEY` - App key when creating a Dropbox app ([see here](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/embedder))

# Deploying to Netlify

1. Set up Site in Netlify
2. Set build command: `npm run export` with publish dir: `__sapper__/export`
3. Add env variables (see above) via Netlify UI.

# Notes

* Deploying sapper apps on Netlify: https://dev.to/sumitkharche/how-to-deploy-sapper-app-on-netlify-12en
* Inspired by: https://blog.shorouk.dev/2020/06/how-to-embed-any-number-of-html-widgets-snippets-into-notion-app-for-free/
